So here is the customer detail on Java file.
First we have imported package, electricity package.
Inside the package electricity.
This Java file will be stored imported the necessary package, AWP and swing and SQL package for database
connections.
And then we have defined the class which is extending frame implement section listener.
There is an instance of table one, but for button B1 and there's a string x which is stored as array
of a string x initialized as customer name, meter number, address, city, state, email and phone.
And there is another two dimensional string and array initialized s 40 cross 60 and there are two integer
variables is equal to zero and JS equals two zero.
Then there is a customer details constructor headed as customer details.
Size of the window is initialized, its location is initialized and then there is inside the tri catch
block.
We have initiated the connection with the database by using our icon class, which we have created previously
in the string as when we have passed.
Select a string form customer.
This will bring out all the details of the customer.
That's the query for the MySQL to bring details of customer from the customer table, from our database
and the results that we have executed.
The query which we have written in the string as one.
And inside the while we have looped over these rows of the customer details and installed the details
of customer in our two dimensional array VI which we have created here.
So here in the first line, why I as I is equals to zero and is goes to zero say izy00.
We will take a will take the name of the first customer in the database.
Similarly, zero one will take the meter number of that customer address, city, state, email and
phone.
After that first row we will increase the ISE so that the pointer moves to the second row of the array
and change the column to the zero so that the column again move back to the zero.
Similarly, it will iterate all over the values of the customer table in the database and retrieve the
data from there and install the number variety after that.
While we have to even initialize the table variable as a new table past the two dimensional array as
the table and x as the number of columns which is string array.
X contains the column names.
This will create a table in the catch block.
We have handled the exception.
If any kind of exceptions occur, then there is a button which is named print button.
We have added the button to the south side of the window and added a scroll panel as well with respect
to the table D one instance and added that to the frame.
And perform the action on that button as well because buttons will be performing events implemented
here.
Define the action, perform an event, write even print.
If P print is as there is only one button of print.
So definitely the event will be performed on that button only.
So the event will be performed.
It will call TX one dot print.
Otherwise we have end the exception and inside the main function we have called the customer details
and setting is visibility of the window.
As now we will move to the deposit details java file.
So we have defined it inside the package.
Electricity importing the necessary files.
And then we have glass deposit details extending frame implement additional table instance to one button
we when we do a label element L2 Choice seven C to a string x similarly for the meter number of month
units total and status and array by string area by which is 40 class eight is equal to zero and just
close to zero the mostly same like a customer details.
A number of columns are different here and inside the deposit details constructor headed as deposit
details, setting the size, setting the location for the window and its layout as null content and
setting the background color as white.
11 New J label that is a label name is short by meter number and setting the bound for the label, adding
that bound to the table, adding that bound to the window.
Then there is creating the instance of a choice and then label shot by month, setting the bound for
the label, adding that label again, creating the choice.
Second choice.
And then the table instance table will create the table, by the way, which is a two dimensional array
and x taking as the number of columns inside the we have initialize the connection connection using
the common class.
Selected all the details from the build.
Bill table from our database.
Inside the results that are as variable, we have executed the query, which we have written in the
one a string, and we have set the model of the table.
Using this db utils results set to table model method bypassing the results set into this method and
as a string SDR to is retrieving data from the customer table from our database, executing the SDR
to query by using execute query while orders dot next so it will trade over the customers and add Aristotle
string meta and in the segment choice.
So when will be this our choice new choice to see inside save and we will add that get a string meter
so we will adding that meta number in the same choice.
Now there is a catch block which will handle the exception.
After that we have setting the bound for the exception.
Adding the C1 to the word block and.
Now here is Seattle.
Seattle's bond has been set here and added the month name in this choice we have and we are writing
the months January, February, March, April, May, June.
Similarly, all the months.
Then we have added the see to to the frame.
Then there is a button named search.
Setting the bounds for the button action listener profiles.
It will perform any event.
Then it will.
It should perform any action.
Adding the button.
Similarly, the button print setting the bound, adding the action listener and letting the button scroll
panel.
We have created the scroll panel as well.
So as Peter said, 100 bound are sitting here and I read the spy scroll panel to the table.
Jeffrey Then the action performed.
If it is equals to be one, then select a strike from below.
We have a slice, a string, get selected item month selected item from seven selected and from C to
the select item.
Made a number from Simmons, Tatum and Mitchell to meet a number from Z to get rhythm.
Then we will have try and initialize the connection, execute the query and SDB and setting the table
model again, catching the exception if any occurs else.
If the B two button is print, then t one print will be called and catch the exception.
If an exception occurs.
In the main function, we have deposited details and setting the visibility of the current window as
true.
Then we will move to the meter info.
Before moving to the meeting for.
We will talk about material for next video.
So in this video, we have talked about the customer details and deposit details.
So let's talk about now meeting for a defined inside the package electricity.
Similarly we have called all the necessary packages in this and inside to refer there are labels from
11 and 12 to 10 and 11 choice are five choices and buttons are two buttons and they are meter info string
meter as past as the argument in this constructor setting its location and its size.
And then it's a panel setting the panel setting its layout and its background color title me first is
a meter in for setting the bound for the title, font for the title and ending the title.
Then we have the label meter number setting the band for the meter number, initializing that label
again as the meter, setting the bound for that, adding that 11 and 11 to the panel.
L2 is the meter location setting the bounds for the meter location?
Initializing the choice choice are outside or inside.
Two types of meters.
Setting the bound for the choice and adding.
A two and similar to the panel.
And then third is the meta type setting the bound for the setting, the bound for the L three initializing
the choice as well.
Three types of meters, either electric meters, solar meter, smart meter, adding the settings bound
for the choice, adding that label and choice to the panel.
Then there is a level five, which is a phase code setting the bound for the phase code.
Now, choice for the Phase Code is these are the choices 0112230 and nine nine.
Setting the bounds for the choice.
Adding the label five and choice three to the panel label for as many type.
And said Bond for setting the bond for the label Fool.
And the C4 is a new choice and adding the choice will be normal on two types of meter, either normal
or industrial build type, then set the bond for the symbol, adding the label L4 and C4.
In the.
Panel.
Lasix is a new label label that is is.
Setting the tone for the label next level.
It's the 30 days, sending the bound for it, adding that label L six and L nine to the panel.
Then there is a label seven, which is a note setting the bound for it, and that is 111 zero.
That is, by default is calculated for 30 days.
So it will just just this label will print that the default is for 30 days only, setting the bound
for it, adding both panels, adding the both labels into the panel.
Then there's a button, submit button and the cancel button.
Setting the background and foreground color for the buttons and adding those buttons to the panel.
Setting the layout as border layout.
And for the panel, it's.
Alignment will be center.
Then there is an image adding to that label and added that image to.
Window at vets west side and the setting the content background color of is adds white adding action
listener in the both the buttons payment in be to now when action performed is if the button action
performed by be one button, then it will retrieve the meter number meter location.
Meter, location, meter type, face code, build type and a string base.
At 30, it will execute the query insight into meter info values.
It will insert in the meter info table of our database.
The values will be which we have just fetched from the choices and the text fields.
Then we will initialize the connection, initiate and then execute the query.
Show that the meter info is added successfully by a dialog box and set the visibility of this window
as false.
After that, if any error occur, then will be handled by the catch block and else if the button two
is pressed or event occurs at button two, then the visibility of this window will be set it as false.
Now public static void main.
Inside the function new meter info we have setting the visibility as well.
So this is all about the meter info function.
We will know about the outputs of this, these classes when in our last video and we'll run this program
completely and understand the functionality of that program.
So in this video we have learned about the customer detail, class, deposit detail, class and metering
for class.